Create progress_review_checklist.md (#64)
jakartaee/specification-committee: progress_review_checklist.md

This checklist is for the Mentor to help the committer team gather and organize that material. 
The JESP requires all specification projects submit a progress review every twelve (12) months.
Once the material is collected and ready (either in a PR, or the mentor simply receives confirmation that the original plan is still valid) 
the mentor will start a Progress Review ballot. 
This check-list assumes that the previous ballots necessary to get to this state have been successful and material from those events is available. 
The mentor is not responsible for gathering this material and is not responsible for assessing progress in any way.

If the Specification committee has requested specific information, the mentor should be sure to convey this request to the committer team. 
The mentor should review the materials provided for the Progress Review to ensure that the questions raised for the progress review have been addressed. 
If the progress review is purely procedural (i.e. it's been twelve months or more since the last ballot) then all that is needed is to confirm that 

> the plan as previously agreed, is still valid and that check-point artifacts (Milestone builds, TCK updates, ect) previously agreed to have been produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the plan as previously agreed, is still valid and that checkpoint artifacts (Milestone builds, TCK updates, etc.) previously agreed to have been produced.
```

  - [ ] Mentor to confirm (via consultation with committer team) the scope is correct. If it has been revised, those changes should be summarized. Regardless, the committer team is responsible for providing any statements or documentation describing progress for the progress review materials.
    - [ ] The mentor may wish to review the Plan Review Ballot checklist to confirm all items are captured. 
    - [ ] If checkpoint or scope material is derived from issues or epic issues, the mentor may wish to request the committer team provide a summary statement of the specific progress against the issue or issues. 
    - [ ] The committer team should provide an overall assessment that confirms they are "on track" or produces a plan revision that reflects the evolution since the last ballot. 
  - [ ] The mentor should focus material for this review on progress of this specification revision and not the progress or changes associated with higher level projects (i.e. it is probably insufficient to say "schedule changed in Platform Release Plan so we're changing too"). Scope changes that have been imposed on this specification may certainly be noted and may be a source for plan revisions.

>   - [ ] Any changes or additional requirements, resource needs (e.g. CI/CD resources), feature changes, etc., should be reflected in the specification plan revision. If there are no changes the committer team should be able to demonstrate that they are progressing within the original plan that is already approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Any changes or additional requirements, resource needs (e.g. CI/CD resources), feature changes, etc. should be reflected in the specification plan revision. If there are no changes the committer team should be able to demonstrate that they are progressing within the original plan that is already approved.
```
